Imagine this bow was for a nice shot
build. You could then use the rune
breath of Aldur on one of the two
sockets here. And what that does, it
transforms all fire and lightning
modifiers to equivalent cold modifiers.
So, if this one has a combined elemental
damage of 300, it would have 300 cold
damage plus increased elemental damage
with attacks. And then whatever the
suffixes are, in this instance we have
critical hit chance, 21 to critical
damage bonus, and we also have 200% surf
passing chance to fire an additional
arrow. Now, it should be noted that the
breath of Aldur rune, once socketed in,
cannot be retrieved or replaced. So,
you're essentially giving up that
socket. Now, with this craft we did not
use essences. Although, if I wanted one
guaranteed mod here, it'd probably be
the level of all or even attack speed
combined with either one of these
suffixes. Now, level of all is going to
get nerfed. So, there's going to be a
lot of decisions being made around that
specific modifier. And I think that's
where GGG actually wants us to be at
when it comes to level of all on our
weapons. Showcasing how you would want
to craft moving on to 0.5.
>> [screaming]
>> Yes.
I'll fill back in as soon as I can.
Ha!
>> I will freeze. really is.
You will
fear us.
You will die.
>> [screaming]
>> Oh, it's you.
>> All right, your order is registered.
>> That being said though,